When is your turn, Dad?
Our family was contacted
by Jehovah’s Witnesses
a few years ago.
Rachel started studying first.
Soon, we all joined in.
For the first time, we were all learning
what the Bible really teaches.
It wasn’t long
before we were sharing
the truth with others.
Well, most of us were.
I knew it was the truth,
but I didn’t know if I could live up to
everything Jehovah asks.
Get away.
What if I let everyone down?
What if I let Jehovah down?
You know,
can you just give me one second?
Yeah, no problem.
All right.
Yeah.
A kind elder named Ben
noticed I was struggling.
You OK?
He took the initiative to help.
He asked,
“What drew you to Jehovah
in the first place?”
I guess it was learning
that Jehovah isn’t harsh and demanding,
but that he’s a loving Father.
Ben agreed and said,
“When we do our best to serve Jehovah,
he does the rest.”
He explained that Jehovah
knows our limitations
and doesn’t expect perfection.
And he’s always there to help
because he wants us to succeed.
Then he read Isaiah 41:10:
“Do not be afraid,
“for I am with you.
“Do not be anxious,
“for I am your God.
I will fortify you, yes, I will help you,”
Help!
“I will really hold on to you
with my right hand of righteousness.”
I don’t need to be perfect to serve Jehovah.
I just need to love him and trust him.
And he’ll do the rest.